some 72 a psalm of solomon if the king
some 72 a psalm of solomon if the king your judgments O God and your
your judgments O God and your
your judgments O God and your righteousness to the king's son he will
righteousness to the king's son he will
righteousness to the king's son he will judge your people with righteousness and
judge your people with righteousness and
judge your people with righteousness and your poor with justice the mountains
your poor with justice the mountains
your poor with justice the mountains will bring peace to the people and the
will bring peace to the people and the
will bring peace to the people and the little Hills by righteousness he will
little Hills by righteousness he will
little Hills by righteousness he will bring justice to the poor of the people
bring justice to the poor of the people
bring justice to the poor of the people he will save the children of the needy
he will save the children of the needy
he will save the children of the needy and will break in pieces the oppressor
and will break in pieces the oppressor
and will break in pieces the oppressor they shall fear you as long as the Sun
they shall fear you as long as the Sun
they shall fear you as long as the Sun and Moon enjoy throughout all
and Moon enjoy throughout all
and Moon enjoy throughout all generations he shall come down like rain
generations he shall come down like rain
generations he shall come down like rain on the grass before Maui like showers
on the grass before Maui like showers
on the grass before Maui like showers that water in his days the righteous
that water in his days the righteous
that water in his days the righteous shall flourish an abundance of peace
shall flourish an abundance of peace
shall flourish an abundance of peace till the moon is slowly he shall have
till the moon is slowly he shall have
till the moon is slowly he shall have dominion also from sea to sea and from
dominion also from sea to sea and from
dominion also from sea to sea and from the river to the ends of
the river to the ends of
the river to the ends of those who dwell in the wilderness will
those who dwell in the wilderness will
those who dwell in the wilderness will bow before him and his enemies will lick
bow before him and his enemies will lick
bow before him and his enemies will lick the dust the kings of Tarshish of the
the dust the kings of Tarshish of the
the dust the kings of Tarshish of the Isles will bring presents the kings of
Isles will bring presents the kings of
Isles will bring presents the kings of Sheba and Seba will offer gifts yes all
Sheba and Seba will offer gifts yes all
Sheba and Seba will offer gifts yes all Kings shall fall
Kings shall fall
Kings shall fall all nations shall serve him for he will
all nations shall serve him for he will
all nations shall serve him for he will deliver the needy when he cries the poor
deliver the needy when he cries the poor
deliver the needy when he cries the poor also and him who has know him he will
also and him who has know him he will
also and him who has know him he will spare the poor and needy and will save
spare the poor and needy and will save
spare the poor and needy and will save the souls of the needy he will redeem
the souls of the needy he will redeem
the souls of the needy he will redeem their life from oppression and violence
their life from oppression and violence
their life from oppression and violence and precious shall be their blood in his
and precious shall be their blood in his
and precious shall be their blood in his sight and he shall live and the gold of
sight and he shall live and the gold of
sight and he shall live and the gold of sheba will be given to him
sheba will be given to him
sheba will be given to him prayer also will be made for him
prayer also will be made for him
prayer also will be made for him continually and daily he shall be
continually and daily he shall be
continually and daily he shall be praised
praised
praised there will be an abundance of grain in
there will be an abundance of grain in
there will be an abundance of grain in the earth on the top of the mountains
the earth on the top of the mountains
the earth on the top of the mountains its fruit shall wave like Lebanon and
its fruit shall wave like Lebanon and
its fruit shall wave like Lebanon and those of the city shall flourish like
those of the city shall flourish like
those of the city shall flourish like grass of the earth his name shall endure
grass of the earth his name shall endure
grass of the earth his name shall endure heaven his name shall continue as long
heaven his name shall continue as long
heaven his name shall continue as long as the Sun and men shall be blessed
as the Sun and men shall be blessed
as the Sun and men shall be blessed all nations shall call him blessed
all nations shall call him blessed
all nations shall call him blessed blessed be the Lord God the God of
blessed be the Lord God the God of
blessed be the Lord God the God of Israel who only does wondrous things and
Israel who only does wondrous things and
Israel who only does wondrous things and blessed be his glorious name ever and
blessed be his glorious name ever and
blessed be his glorious name ever and that the whole earth be filled with his
that the whole earth be filled with his
that the whole earth be filled with his glory and
prayers of David the son of Jesse our
prayers of David the son of Jesse our end
end
end [Music]